well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I had somebody asked me to talk
about hunting well first I want to point
out that that is extremely stereotypical
you know not everybody that sounds like
me hunts not everybody who lives in the
South hunts or people live to their
entire lives in the south and never gone
hunting I'm not one of those people but
I'm sure they exist somewhere I used to
have 10 15 years ago something like that
I had an epiphany about the nature of
hunting and I stopped and right now all
the vegans are like what no no no I
realize that it is always before the Sun
comes up and I don't know I don't want
to get out of bed that's that's really
why I doubt before we really get into
this I want to say if you hunt and you
eat that animal I'm not talking about
you I'm not talking about you if you
hunt and you eat that animal and you put
that animal's head on the wall I think
it's a little weird but I'm not really
talking about you either I'm talking
about trophy hunters and it's become
trend among the wealthy they go after
exotic animals mostly you can read that
as at risk endangered however you want
to say it they want to go after the rare
now typically happens in the u.s.
sometimes but typically they pay tens of
thousands of dollars to fly over to
Africa and go on one of these canned
hunts now if you're not familiar with
how these hunts work basically some
would be great white hunter hires a team
of people to do all the work for him the
guide finds the animal which is
typically an older sick animal and the
porters do everything else the the great
white hunter in this case typically just
walks out and takes the shot and then
brings back a artifact from that animal
and we are all supposed to be impressed
with his marksmanship because he was
able to hit something the size of an
elephant because it was actually an
elephant now the rebuttal from this cry
is that these fees these tens of
thousands of dollars they go to
conservation efforts there's some truth
to that
a huge portion of that money does go to
conservation but that's only part of the
story that is only part of the story the
the thing is what happens when a bunch
of wealthy people start doing something
becomes a status symbol right everybody
else wants to do it to show that they
can do it they they're keeping up with
the Joneses type of thing so what if
they don't have the money for those fees
what happens in there's a market that's
not being met for these artifacts and
that's part of what goes on with
poaching so these canned hunts actually
help maintain the market and provide the
drive for the market that they're saying
they're trying to combat so it's not
entirely true and more importantly
something that is definitely worth
noting is that these poachers are
typically linked to some warlord in the
area and the profits then turn into
violence so I've got a crazy idea
okay just hear me out because if it was
about conservation they could do the
Safari with a Canon or Nikon go
photograph the animal appreciate it in
nature and you know all of that but
that's not what goes on cuz that's not
what it's really about it's about
killing something it's about being the
great white hunter it's about proving
your masculinity and a completely can't
hunt the thing is my alternative
satisfies everybody first take the
twenty or thirty thousand dollars you're
going to spend on this hunt and just
invest it in the community where you
were going to go number one that stops
this from being just an advanced form of
colonialism with some guy coming over
there
avoid the natural resources and leave
number 2 you may actually get your money
back number 3 it helps them become more
self-sufficient helps their economies
grow they don't want aid they want
business so in exchange for that
investment I am certain that somebody in
the local community would be more than
happy to take you on a photo safari if
it's really about conservation and
adventure but it's not so let's keep
going it's about killing it's about
proving you're a man you want to hunt
that dangerous game right go volunteer
with an anti poaching task force while
you're over there you want to hunt
dangerous game not the most dangerous
animal of all
some guy carrying an aka and a chainsaw
out there to fill the market you helped
maintain and create now that may be a
little bit militant for some people so
alternatively if you were interested in
this topic my suggestion would be to
follow Kristin Davis that's Charlotte
from Sex in the City she is a amazing
advocate for animals in Africa that
specifically elephants and since my
t-shirts have become such a hot topic as
of late I will go ahead and tell you
this one is from a fund raiser she did
for the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust
if you happen to have some cash laying
around those guys have their stuff
together did they do a lot of good the
fifth column actually sponsored an
elephant from them a couple years ago
named Bongo anyway just a thought y'all
have a good night